Free movies online
Tickets.
Tickets please.
Tickets. Tickets.
thank you. Tickets.
Is it far from Tucumcari?
We should pass there in about three or four minutes.
thanks.
Excuse me, but you made a mistake, pastor.
I couldn't help hearing you going to Tucumcari.
L the goods wandering here,
And I tell you better you're on the wrong train.
I think the nearest station to Tucumcari is Amarillo.
By getting off at Santa Fe and back by Amarillo,
You should be able to get it where you are going
You see the train does not stop in Tucumcari.
This train will stop at Tucumcari.
Take it easy, everyone!
why did you stop? Did something go wrong?
Someone pulled the emergency rope.
Hey, master, you can't pull out the emergency wire and jump.
Tell me, why did you stop this train? If you want to get off, you are ...
Well, the rail company
It would be great happy to make any arrangements
For any traveler if you want to get off here, sir.
Thanks.
Well, let's go!
go ahead! Let's go!
Guy passed through here in person and added these two zeros.
He was spitting insane when he saw what they were showing.
Not satisfied.
He said, "A 1,000 bucks for me is very little.
"I appreciate so much more."
Right. he said that,
Then he added the zeros to the thousand.
No one has the courage to face this killer, eh?
At least it was that way until now.
where is he?
I have no idea where he is today.
-Proved. But, Jai ...
Still, he told me. - You hurt me with your hands
-Then as I tell you. - Stop it!
Look now, it made me drop the soap.
- Wait, I'll get it for you - You're killing me.
Look. What is that?
Excuse me, madam.
I will kill you for this.
Here you are. $ 1,000.
What do you know about Kavanagh?
Almost a week ago, he was seen in White Rocks.
thanks.
If it matters to you,
Another person fell in to see me about him.
-Who is the? I will not see him before
His name is Manco.
Light?
You know Cavanagh's baby?
Now tell me, you know where I can find it?
There, on this table.
He's got his back on you.
thanks.
Two cards.
I didn't hear what the bet was.
Your life.
Live or dead, it's your choice.
Let's go red.
$ 2,000. He has a lot of money
It takes me three years to earn it.
Tell me, he is not supposed to be a brave honest, loyal,
And above all, honest?
Yes, this is.
I think you need a new sheriff
Yuri.
Hasta Luigu.
Amigo.
How are you, Ninyu?
Better when I see you.
Follow. go ahead.
open it.
-What do you do? who is this? -Rodriguez, Senior.
you. Come
I'll let you live, hero.
This is so you can tell everyone you've seen what's going on here.
For the lousy money.
no no no.
She took money to put me behind bars.
You had to kill me when you could.
It will be better for you.
And for them.
How old is the boy?
How old is the boy, I asked?
It is 18 months now
Only the time that you are in prison
-You used the reward you got ... -Oh, no.
... to start raising a family.
For this reason I feel your family partially.
I'll take a part of me now.
Abroad.
Both are innocent
Please let them go.
L was one. do you know that.
Oh no.
No!
I know.
I'm sure you hate me enough
This time you'll have a chance to shoot me, but not in the back.
leave it.
When you hear the music finish, start.
Or do you think you can?
Let's Begin.
right Now.
- Check these numbers again. -Yes sir.
Good day, sir. Good afternoon.
Mortimer.
Douglas Mortimer. -Mortimer. Virginia, right?
-Carolina. That's right, Carolina.
Can somehow help?
- I am looking for a first class bank. Oh, but exactly
Yes.
The largest and most secure bank in the region.
Well, Mr. Mortimer,
I want to assure you that our bank here has everything,
All guarantees you are looking for.
I do not doubt it, but I have a large amount to deposit
Now, l'm suppose thieves.
the thieves?
A very dangerous road bar with gang killers.
Now what would be the most intractable bank for me to steal?
In your case, the only bank I would suggest is El Paso Bank.
Not even lndio dares attack it.
It's not a bank, it's a fortress there
-What time is the next train for El Paso? -1130.
I will telegraph to my colleague at El Paso Bank
You will arrive.
thanks.
Mr. Team Leader. General. welcome.
Do you need a stable or a room?
Do you want to take a bath?
My name is Fernando.
Stable here and this is your hotel.
Why is this hotel not some?
You probably won't like this other place as much, señor.
You will have to spend half the night shooting cockroaches.
In this hotel, the rooms will cost you much less.
And there is an owner in this one, Senior.
-Married? Yes, but she does not care.
This is the bank. Once I get some money, I'll put it down.
Well, you should win it first
I have 50 cents here for you if you let me know
When anyone you have not seen before here in El Paso comes to town.
At the hotel, Senior. A stranger just came from there.
where does he live?
the hotel.
Let me know if you see any more strangers.
Certainly, Senior.
Helped you sir
I want the room right above.
I'm sorry, he's busy he's so bad
The hotel is full of capacity.
I'm sorry. The room you want is our best. She is always busy
By whom?
Check the log.
Marie!
Lt's Senor Martinez.
-lt is free now. This room is taken
I will see it.
It is only an evil wild animal.
It is long, right?
You are just dirty!
Owner, fast! My bill!
I want my bill!
Before he comes here, give me my bill.
Oh no. There is no need to verify.
I assure you that everything will be all right, Mr. Martinez.
I'll give you another room right away
-lt is the best in the whole hotel, the best. -No.
We'll leave him to the bridal suite.
No, no, Mary, bill. I would like to stay, just I can not
Not, go, Mr. Martins -l. You have an appointment somewhere else.
Senor Martinez.
Yes, Senior. what do you want?
I do not wear it
I have honored you thought of me, thank you.
Watch this.
Hello my friends.
Hi, lndio.
See, I didn't waste a minute coming here.
Calls lndio and Groggy comes immediately.
And Sancho?
If you wait for Sancho I will go and come back in about four years.
He is in prison for four years.
no love. Not Dinero. No sun.
Bad to him. Not so bad for the rest of us.
A man caught not worthy of respect, huh?
What is everything, huh?
Just now listen.
A bank in El Paso.
let's see.
We will say this is inside the bank.
El Niño is safe.
That weighs three tons and cannot be opened with dynamite.
There is a part with two cashiers.
This is the principal's office.
Right in the back is a luxurious wardrobe containing bottles
To deliver drinks to rich depositors.
There is the main door, and in turn, they built a double wall.
What happens, Grogy?
Suppose you have already killed the cashiers and the manager.
And in the next few minutes, you are the bank’s president.
What now?
Time is lost, lndio.
Right, a waste of time.
Especially, Groggy, to explode that iron ore is safe.
We must use so much dynamite that the whole bank will just disappear.
And you will all climb with him.
And besides that, having a safe alone
It doesn't always mean there's money inside.
To help you understand what it means,
I would like to tell a nice little story.
Once there was a carpenter.
Don't think of a carpenter who can make money, eh?
No? you are wrong.
This one is good because it was the locker builder.
There was a banker once
Who decides to be safe must have a disguised iron
To look like a wood wardrobe.
To get that
The banker goes to our carpenter for this position
And one day, as his destiny,
The carpenter in El Paso.
It happens to enter the bank there, and what does he find?
Council of Ministers.
Since he worked in the cabinet, he monitored it immediately.
Since that day, he can no longer work.
Pity, because
There was something he had to do.
There was this crazy idea.
I stayed.
To put his hands on the money inside.
Get in there and grab all the money.
Sure, you think Carpenter was lucky the way things work.
It was just lucky to go in this bank.
It was not true
His good fortune stopped on that day.
Because later on, as a prisoner,
He ran into me.
The carpenter told me the story, and I tell you
Money is not safe This is true in this
Nearly a million dollars in that.
Your Tucumcari colleague told me this bank
It has the largest deposits in the entire state.
Yes, that's right, Mr. Mortimer.
Here at the bank in El Paso
We have half a million dollars in reserve on hand.
I see.
Are you sure this bank is safe enough to hold this much?
From the moment your money is deposited here, Mr. Mortimer,
You can sleep without any worries.
Beside that,
When the bank is closed, an armed guard always remains here
And patrol abroad.
Even San Francisco Bank is not well protected.
exactly. The truth is, Mr. Mortimer,
To try to steal us would be very sterile
This only complete idiot will try it.
Yes.
Or a complete fool.
Get out of the way! Get out of here!
More news, Amigo.
Another stranger in the city?
Yes really. I know something else.
There was another stranger that I didn't tell you about
Listen to me, you slightly splashed off!
I want to know how many men are together.
Well, there were two. Now there are two more
Where?
in the saloon
whiskey.
Listen mister why do you choose My place to commit suicide?
I know this guy it's a miracle that you are alive
Why should a man walk around with a gun and then let himself be offended?
It is so great
Sir, if your humpback does not call you,
He had a very very important reason, that's all.
I was thinking to myself
one two Three,
Now four, and now five.
Seis, siete, ocho,
nueve, diez.
11, 12 and 13
14, 15 and 16
17, 18 and 19,
20, 21, 22,
23, 24 and 25
26 ...
27, 28 and 29,
30 and 31,
32 and 33.
no no no.
Now all right.
I do not know him! I do not know him! I do not know him!
Come on, now, you know everyone.
I don't know anyone anymore! I am dead! You understand?
Well, there was a time when I knew everyone.
This was long ago when all this was wilds.
But these days, everyone is in a hurry.
That's right, with your damned good trains for nothing!
Trains curse you! Trumpet Trumpet --- TWEE Trumpet!
Disgusting!
One day, someone from the railroad comes here to see me.
"The Prophet, the railway, is going to go home again," he says.
"Is this true?" I said.
"Yes, that's right," he says.
"All of these trains will go here in the past
"The best thing for you, the Prophet, is to sell your land to the company
Otherwise, we will buy a baker.
"He lives next to your place,
"And I'll put the tracks over there and that will make you feel crazy
"What do you say? Will you sell to our company, the Prophet?"
"Oh, is that so?" He says to.
He was very worried for me to sell it.
You know what I told about the railroad?
You know what I told him could do with his railway?
You know what my decision about selling was?
Well, I said no. -You are right.
Not him and his damned trains.
L don't! No!
See, listen to me, old man.
You are supposed to be a prophet
I did not come here to hear you rattle about the trains.
You wanted to know this man, you obviously knew nothing
No need to be degrading. That's all I came here to do,
You can get out of my house quickly before I lose my nerve. You understand?
Hey! where are you going?
I think better left before you go and lose your temper.
what is wrong with you? Why are you dang stupid?
Hurry up. Give me that gun over there.
Yes, there is behind you.
hurry!
Yes, yes, this is one. Now, deliver it.
This is. Give me this weapon. The man you asked for.
There is only one question, how does he hold his pistol?
Wearing it here, across his stomach? -Yes.
Well, why didn't you tell me that in the first place, my son.
Of course I know the guy you are trying to find out.
Of course I know him
It is Colonel Douglas Mortimer.
Mortimer, a brave man, soldier.
He was known as the best shot in Carolinas.
A great soldier
Now he reduces being a reward killer, the same as you.
Because of the trains.
Because of the damned trains! Damn them!
Take her to the station.
Leave the man.
Catch him.
Take it back.
Take her to the station.
Go inside. The station.
Just like the games we know.
He chooses it as a hoax, perhaps
How can someone in my job go around with a suit like this?
That heresy
Almost sent you to your grave
You forget about one thing, Colonel, I was shooting your hat
Well, I was just picking up on your hand
But I remember shooting first
Boy,
I have reached almost 50 years of age with my system.
Not many men last in these parts.
When do you expect to continue?
Much longer.
When I get my hands on lndio and $ 10,000,
I will buy myself a little place that might be retiring.
Yes.
Well, I can't believe we should start another fight.
But you forgot one little detail.
What is that?
I want to get my hands on lndio, too.
Certainly, after me
Or before you
Or at the same time.
Is this a suggestion?
Equal partnership.
why? Why should l?
Well, I can think of three reasons.
First, there are 14 of them.
Yes, that's a lot.
A lot to me.
Yes. There is no small number even for the two of us.
The second reason?
The second reason is you can make it 15 to 1.
Don't forget, I want to play this game too
You know, when two hunters go after the same prey
They usually end up shooting each other in the back,
We don't want that shoot each other in the back.
Then the colonel dies?
Well, I would be generous
You can get lndio bonus
And I will get the reward for the rest of the band.
No. Everything is wrong.
No, $ lndio is $ 10,000,
But the rest of the band adds to much more.
Blackie deserves four, wild is worth three, El Niño two.
El Niño one.
Well, Frisco is worth two.
Well, that is 10,000 dollars.
Yes but
There is more that will add more, I'm sure.
-how do you know that? I have my information, Colonel.
You know, when everyone says and do it,
I think I may take you on your suggestion.
Let's drink to this partnership.
To partnership, with no tricks, of course.
No tricks.
Now, then, you realize, of course,
We'll have to figure this out some ways to get it in the middle.
Yes.
One from the outside and one from the inside.
There is no other way.
One of us will have to join the lndio squad.
Why do you look at me when you say "one of us"?
Because they do not know you.
The wilderness sees me and its hump will burn
Tell me, Colonel,
How do you suggest this for joining with lndio?
Maybe bring him a bunch of roses?
Well you can do that, but I suggest you take Sancho Perez from him.
Who is Sancho Perez? - A friend of lndio.
Now it cools down
He calm down in Alamogordo Prison.
How do you know all this?
I got my information too.
Of course, you'll have to arrange for his release.
Naturally.
Tell me, Colonel,
Have you ever been young?
Yes.
And as reckless as you are.
Then one day something happened.
It made life so precious to me.
What is that?
Or is the question not studied?
No.
The question is not thoughtless.
But the answer could be.
They told me that you put it away.
You will rest for four long years in prison.
No, lndio, for four weeks. No more than four weeks.
Sancho.
Who is this with you?
Take me out. The guy is a friend of mine.
Why did he help you? Did you ask that?
Yes. Amigo, why did you help me?
Well, there is a big bonus offered to all gentlemen
That I thought might be the only sign in your next robbery.
It might just refer you to the law.
Amigo,
This is the only answer that will prove that you are okay.
I arrived at the right time, too. The task has already been set.
Tomorrow
the place
The bank in El Paso.
Not far from El Paso there is a small town, Santa Cruz.
Tomorrow, Blackie, Chico, Baku,
And you, Amigo,
The bank will be stolen in Santa Cruz.
Shoot, kill, get every pistol in the area after you
Especially from El Paso.
Anyone else around will take care of them.
Then after work, we will meet again in Las Palmeras.
where are you going?
Well, if there is any filming
L get my rest.
Oh Amigo
You know when I told that story yesterday, I fell for.
Great joke, isn't it, Amigo?
Who said I was joking?
I don't understand, that's right ...
Too bad you have to die.
What is that?
Now they should be in Santa Cruz.
Listen, little.
lndio and his band stole the bank here in town
Now why not just sit down and send the alarm to El Paso
And the rest of the cities here are warning them, right?
But sir, I have not heard any shots in the bank, and we are not sure.
You may hear one.
The alarm clock.
Easy now.
They stole the bank in Santa Cruz!
Follow me!
Groggy, telegraph wires.
Good day, gentlemen. Happy day sir.
-Sir. -Good afternoon.
the other side.
11,
12 ...
14.
Let's go!
what are you doing here? You do not run away, right?
No, I do not run away. I'm going after them and I'm going alone.
Our partnership is resolved.
Now, boy, let's wait and talk.
Yes? Well, all we did was talk.
I was reasonable without results.
Now take it easy.
We only knew Santa Cruz part of this plan.
Well, it was you who ended their strategy.
Now, I'm going to meet lndio. -I see. Better to go
I will go alone.
I have an appointment with lndio
I will not let anyone else interfere.
Are you sure of that? That's right, Colonel.
Well, in that case, I'm sorry
This is not bad
Lndio sent four men to Santa Cruz.
One man returns, a new man without a scratch.
lndio is not an idiot.
When you ride with him again and show him that your little nick
May believe you.
And don't forget that as of today
The entire gang is valued at $ 40,000.
This is the bonus offered by the bank for the money.
Is the partnership working again? How do you think?
Try persuading lndio to go north, then go along Rio Bravo.
It is a good place for ambush and we can get it between two fires.
Yes. You're on the outside. I'm on the inside, right?
north?
north.
Yuri.
Wait a minute.
We need time to open it and this is not the place to be.
And others?
-dead? -Yes.
After Santa Cruz, we headed to El Paso and beat us from all sides.
And it saved your skin. Is not this right? You are yellow ...
You made a part of it. Let's go.
Which way are we heading?
north.
north? Along the Rio Bravo Canyon?
why not?
Sounds like a good place to ambush me.
Do you know a better way to go?
Yes, south.
A ride to the border?
Yes, they will not expect you to cross the border now that the alert has been sent.
No.
I think we will go to the east.
There is a place I know of Agua Caliente.
we are here. This is Agua Caliente.
Yes, I have many friends here.
It looks like a mortuary
But look.
Lt can be one easily.
They don't like strangers, do they? No, they don't like anyone.
Wild, you never saw our friend here shoot, right?
No.
Are any of you?
We do not know how to be in an emergency.
I was thinking, this is the right place.
I got a way you can show guys.
How is that?
Go to the city alone, Amigo.
Bravo.
Do you mind telling me how you got here?
I just caused it.
L figured you would tell lndio
To do the exact opposite of what we agreed upon.
He is suspicious enough to know something else.
Since El Paso was out of the question, well, here I am
Rum, double.
Tequila us all.
Well, well, if it is not a smoker.
OK.
Remember me, Amigo?
Of course you do.
El Paso.
It is a small world
Yes, and very bad.
Now come on. You light up another match.
L usually smoke after eating.
Why not come back in about 10 minutes?
Ten minutes, you will smoke in hell.
get up!
Stay calm.
On your feet.
Cuccillo,
Count to three.
One,
Two,
three!
Stop it!
who are you?
I am the one who can open the safe for you.
What is safe, señor?
One of El Paso. You got there before me
-However ... -However?
Open this security and half of the bank notes will be destroyed.
It cannot be opened without detonating it.
- What will the cost be? $ 5,000.
Two is all I will pay you
five.
Keep your hands off that!
The easy to steal problem is in maintaining the loot.
Take it out
Now, every man in New Mexico is after us.
All they have to do is catch some of us with some of that money
And we will end up in the same way.
We will wait here for a whole month
If you think it is necessary.
Then everyone gets their share.
You will wait a month to get your money back.
Naturally.
I will be in the pub
The air around here stinks anyway, just like food.
But the month will go quickly.
OK.
Here.
Let's go.
I was worried about you
All alone with lots of problems to solve.
It is good here
go ahead.
You don't have to shoot apples off that tree.
Put it on.
What is he doing now, this El Paso sheriff?
right Now? Looking for cash that was in the bank.
right.
He assumed that he would find the bodies of these men outside El Paso
With so much money on them?
What will the mayor think?
Well, it is ... -right.
Moderately brown.
What is it, El Niño?
Change plans.
lndio wants you ...
Not loaded.
I think you should get out quickly now
Here are your guns without bullets.
Listen, don't let lndio find you both.
I know you don't like questions, lndio, but why do you do this?
Nino, how long have you known that Manko fought a reward?
I found out tonight. Why?
I knew it was one of the first moment he arrived.
The other one is also a bonus killer.
So I have an idea
It will be useful to us.
We will try it.
These guys are much better than mines with a weapon.
So we'll let them all mingle in a gun battle.
But this doesn't really matter to me
and you.
Because we will be far, right?
And we will have all the money.
Follow.
Go on and wake up to Cuccillo.
Who did it?
Why don't you look at the knife?
mine
So it shouldn't be there, right?
But I didn't kill him, lndio. I did not do that
Cuccillo, hard to prove.
lndio, l am innocent.
One of your horses is outside
Let's see if you can reach it.
lndio.
Cuccillo,
He just killed Selim.
These killers helped his bounty move away.
I want them back
right Now.
right Now!
what are you doing here?
Go and bring them back!
groggy,
These two murderers are bounty sitting on our backs
And I tell you both of them must be killed immediately.
We cannot let them go.
We are finished now
Get ready to get out of here.
Here, (Nino) -lndio.
Catch him.
Not a bad idea, lndio.
But I forgot one thing
Open it now.
Okay, come on now, open it up.
Lndio left me.
OK.
Where in hell?
I will kill them, but I will lose his bravery first
I have a plan, Groggy.
What?
Let's just wait, Grogy.
They will return here.
This way, there will be two of us.
Can they go back here? Your men can kill them.
Who is the? they?
Are you sure about that, lndio? Did they do?
I thought of something different.
I made the boys go out to make sure they were killed and fast.
I'm not stupid like the rest of them, lndio.
There was no help for that.
Follow.
This hour,
It has been a long time I wanted to ask
L can see it means a lot to you, lndio.
why?
lndio!
listen to me!
This is Colonel Mortimer!
Douglas Mortimer!
Does the name mean anything to you?
When the beats finish, pick up your gun.
Try and shoot me, Colonel.
Just try.
Very careless of you, old man.
try this.
Now we start.
Bravo.
There appears to be a family similarity.
Here.
Of course, between brother and sister.
My gun.
My son, you have become rich.
You mean we've become rich, old man.
No, everything is for you. I think you deserve it.
What about our partnership?
Maybe next time.
10,000 and 12,000
15th,
16,
17,
22 ...
22.
27.
Any problem, boy?
No, old man.
The thought was having trouble with adding me.
It is good now
English - United States